Use unified spending keys instead of Sapling extended spending keys. (#45)
zcash-hackworks/zcash-light-client-ffi: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

Unified spending keys are now used in all places where spending authority
is required, both for performing spends of shielded funds and for shielding
transparent funds. Unified spending keys are represented as opaque arrays
of bytes, and FFI methods are provided to permit derivation of viewing keys
from the binary unified spending key representation.

IMPORTANT NOTE: the binary representation of a unified spending key may be

> cached, but may become invalid and require re-derivation from seed to use as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
persisted locally, but may become invalid and require re-derivation from seed to use as
```

Caching has a volatile connotation that we might want to avoid conveying

Author: That's exactly why I used the word `cached` here: the key should be considered as volatile, and deriving from seed is preferable, because that way when we add new components to the spending key, the caller of this API will not need to implement a separate code path to handle the "your old key was invalidated by the recent upgrade" problem.

Reviewer: Oh, yeah, that's right. Also on a side-note caches aren't encrypted either. I think being really clear on the second part of this documentation will solve that.

input to any of the relevant APIs in the future, in the case that the
representation of the spending key changes or new types of spending authority

> are recognized.  The binary representation of unified spending keys should be
> handled with the same level of care and be treated as requiring the same level
> of secure storage as the wallet seed itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are recognized.  Spending keys give irrevocable spend authority over
a specific account.  Clients that choose to store the binary representation
 of unified spending keys locally on device, should handle them with the 
 same level of care and secure storage policies as the wallet seed itself. 
```

    `[u8; 512]` instead of a C string.
  - it no longer takes a destination address; instead, the internal shielding
    address is automatically derived from the account ID.
- Various changes have been made to correctly implement ZIP 316:
  - `FFIUnifiedViewingKey` now stores an account ID and the encoding of a
    ZIP 316 Unified Full Viewing Key.
  - `zcashlc_init_accounts_table_with_keys` now takes a slice of ZIP 316 UFVKs.
- `zcashlc_put_utxo` no longer has an `address_str` argument (the address is
  instead inferred from the script).
- `zcashlc_get_verified_balance` now takes the minimum number of confirmations
  used to filter received notes as an argument.
- `zcashlc_get_verified_transparent_balance` now takes the minimum number of
  confirmations used to filter received notes as an argument.
- `zcashlc_get_total_transparent_balance` now returns a balance that includes
  all UTXOs up to those in the latest block (i.e. those with 0 confirmations.)

## Removed

The following spending key derivation APIs have been removed and replaced by
`zcashlc_derive_spending_key`:
- `zcashlc_derive_extended_spending_key`
- `zcashlc_derive_transparent_private_key_from_seed`

> - `zcashlc_derive_transparent_account_private_key_from_seed`

Reviewer 2: Was this removed, or was it just never added? I don't recall how versioning of this library has worked. Probably safer to just mention it as removed.
